horse team had a great practice the
first session the car came back clean we
had two drivers to dissipate in that
session and now our third driver Marcos
Ambrose is out for the beginning of the
second session Michael Waltrip will go
next and then ending up on the second
session will be Nikki so
the car finished the first session first
in class
feel really good about our car the
Ferraris really in great shape we'll be
racing tomorrow so title be interesting
at night
Michael so that should make for an
interesting evening
we're really good about things right now
i'll just have a first
sorry so I'm pretty through man
am I don't Ferrari you're a team owner
it's a real from a drive for him my
practice is basically five laps just
Dharma selfie and get comfortable car